OK.
So welcome back.
Today we're going to have a look at details that component ADHD mail and details that component that
D.S..
We're going to deal with the TS first.
So let me just go ahead and find it.
I'm looking for the count.
Supposed to be.
There we go.
So we have modified this line here.
You will notice that you now have a promise.
Anyway here we will basically change this to promise as opposed to just being a count so that we can
apply a pipe to this promise and the pipe will basically just conduct the fetching of all the data that
is needed.
Now if we go down further you have this account equals the second service that get by ID.
Now this particular line here will basically return a promise which in turn contains an account with
that particular ID.
And we are storing that into the account variable mentioned previously which is like right here.
So there you go.
This is the account very sorry.
This is the account variable right here.
Anyway the line below.
Well basically this will will this we will leave as was and it is only used for basically fetching the
error anyway.
If we go down further we have a method here as objects check if it's an object.
This is a helper method that checks if something is an object.
Basically it can be recycled.
It receives a parameter.
So basically a parameter of any type and then down below type of object.
If this is equal to object it will state that this is an object if it is not then it is not an object.
So let me just go ahead explain how this works.
If you go ahead and check if something is an object you basically get a return and the return is a string.
So if the return String is object then that something is an object.
If the return String is something different than that something is not an object.
So just type and type of.
This is a method in a strange format without the parentheses.
And then the type of Oh B.J. which is the passed parameter to this function and the type of will basically
return a string.
And if that string is equal to object then RBJ is and is in fact an object.
OK so let's go to the HDMI file.
Now here we haven't done much but there is a good amount to explain.
So this line here in particular is interesting.
And moreover this part here is the primary change that has taken place.
So we'll begin the explanation here.
But counter-intuitively from right to left.
So this part here within the parentheses.
Basically here we are applying d a sink pipe right here.
And the underscore account is a promise and we are use.
And basically this promise is being used the sink is being used in conjunction with the Issing pipe
with the pipe symbol here.
Anyway to use the sink by we needed to utilize the Sendak's anyway while the pipe is not resolved or
not projected.
So while this promise is basically not resolved or not rejected the pipe will keep on returning NULL
when it is resolved or when it is rejected it will return the result obtained by resolving or rejecting.
In our case this is the underscore account object.
If it is resolved and a string which represents the Basically if it is if it is resolved if a resolution
occurs a count will be of type Object.
That's why we are using the function or the method is object.
So whatever happens here if the final result of this is an object then OK it has been resolved.
If the final result of this pipe is not an object then it has not been resolved and we have not gotten
what we wanted to get the hidden part.
Here is basically a substitution for N-G if we had NGF before and now we are using hidden.
Why.
Well because hidden will only visually hide this particular element and this element stretches far down
below
to the closing ups.
Apologies to the closing to the closing day of the day that closes the opening day here.
Anyway why are we doing this.
Well because hidden as I said will only visually hide the whole element if the initial pipe is not an
object while on the other hand.
NGF would eliminate the entirety of the solamente and all the code down below.
And that is not something that we want happening.
And it would put it back if the initial condition was met.
So if you were to use the NGF for the account to be successfully resolved only then would it be only
then it would only help what's go ahead and take the let's go ahead and try this one more time.
Hidden basically hides this visually.
If this is not an object NGF if completely eliminates the div and everything disappears.
So we cannot use it because nothing down below.
Because as you can see we have an icing pipe here we have a nursing pipe here and so on and so forth.
None of these pipes would take an effect.
If if the initial condition was not met and if the initial condition was not met none of these sites
would take effect and that would be a problem because an entire section of ADHD of old code would not
be executed and our site would not function properly.
I hope that was a good enough of an explanation if something is unclear feel free to post in the discussion
section.
We'll be happy to offer additional explanation.
Now if we go down below to this one here now you again have a nursing pipe here but it does something
a little bit differently with the question mark and Dot title here.
We will apply the pipe again and when it when it is resolved basically but it will check if the value
or the title is null.
So this is the this is the
it will check if the it will check if the value of this entire expression is null my apologies.
And then it will call the title to be printed there.
But if the expression is now there is obviously nothing to print therefore there is no point for any
of this to actually occur.
And that's what the question mark does is it now or is it not.
Now if it is not now and the title does indeed exist then it will be shown otherwise it will not be
shown down below you have pretty much the same thing except we are indeed using the NGF here and the
section will be removed if the condition is not meant it will not only be visually hidden as you can
see this line is pretty much the same as this line here except we are pulling a description here instead
of a title.
Again you have basically again you have the same syntax being applied over and over and over again.
I'm just put in small reminders for myself to actually see when something happens and when something
does not happen what to actually see where the changes have taken place.
Anyway same thing again same thing happens here.
Nothing new a little bit of an addition has been made with the bootstrap but that's about it.
And you can literally see the same syntax repeat itself over and over again.
And if we scroll down to the bottom here we have implemented a small Jason pipe.
Now this is a demo of Jason pipe.
This is the sort of pi that can receive pretty much anything that can be in a Jason format I don't think
it can receive functions do and basically it can receive a lot of stuff.
This is purely to show how to use a pipe.
And it is.
And the adjacent pipe is most is mostly used for debugging purposes that is not used very often to actually
display something on the site.
Now with these changes taking place if we open up the site we can see that this here is the Jason format
so this is the demo of the Jason BYB This is why it's often not used to actually display things in this
format to the user but it is used for debugging so that you can see what on earth is going on as far
as the site is concerned the rest of the things don't really have that many changes.
Most of the changes are under the hood so to say anyway but you're farewell and we shall see each other
in the Palatka Tauriel.